---
layout: Blog-post
title: Back in time!
meta: No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. What did s...
category: dance
---

No no no this sucker's electrical, but I need a nuclear reaction to generate the one point twenty-one gigawatts of electricity that I need. Uh, well, actually, I figured since it wasn't due till Monday- Oh, hi , Marty. I didn't hear you come in. Fascinating device, this video unit. What did she say? It's your mom, she's tracked you down. Quick, let's cover the time machine. Huh? No, fine, no , good, fine, good. What, what? I haven't Damn, where is that kid. Damn. Damn damn. You're late, do you have no concept of time? What? Hey guys, you gotta get back in there and finish the dance. Uh, Lorraine. How did you know I was here? Yeah, you got my homework finished, McFly? You know what I do in those situations? Because, you might regret it later in life. I'm too loud. I can't believe it. I'm never gonna get a chance to play in front of anybody. Cause, George, she wants to go to the dance with you, she just doesn't know it yet. That's why we got to show her that you, George McFly, are a fighter. You're somebody who's gonna stand up for yourself, someone who's gonna protect her. Well, this is a radiation suit. Look me up when you get there, guess I'll be about 47. Wait a minute. Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat? Well, aren't you going up to the lake tonight, you've been planning it for two weeks. There, there, now, just relax. You've been asleep for almost nine hours now. I think it's terrible. Girls chasing boys. When I was your age I never chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy. Whoa, whoa, okay.
